spring-xd-analytics-ml-pmml/README.md, before:

Spring XD Analytics ML - PMML
=============================

# Stream definition
Create the stream definition.
Note that you need to copy the iris-flower-classification-naive-bayes-1.pmml.xml file form the
spring-xd-analytics-ml-pmml/src/test/resources/pmml folder to the folder {XD_HOME}/analytics.

```
stream create
--name iris-flow-classification
--definition "
    http
    --outputType=application/x-xd-tuple |
    analytic-pmml
    --name='iris-flower-classification-naive-bayes-1'
    --inputFieldMapping='sepalLength:Sepal.Length,sepalWidth:Sepal.Width,petalLength:Petal.Length,petalWidth:Petal.Width'
    --outputFieldMapping='Predicted_Species:predictedSpecies' |
    log
    "
```

# Input
Post some data to the stream:

```
http post --target http://localhost:9000 --contentType application/json --data "{ \"sepalLength\": 6.4, \"sepalWidth\": 3.2, \"petalLength\":4.5, \"petalWidth\":1.5 }"
```

# Ouptut
See the output in the log, note the generated field: "predictedSpecies":

```json
Output:
4/03/22 17:46:20 WARN logger.iris-flow-classification:
{
	"id":"7eeee430-b1e1-11e3-b13d-28cfe918b323"
	,"timestamp":1395506780659
	,"sepalLength":"6.4"
	,"sepalWidth":"3.2"
	,"petalLength":"4.5"
	,"petalWidth":"1.5"
	,"predictedSpecies":"setosa"
}
```

Commit message:

XD-1420 - Revised PMML Support
Renamed PmmlResolver abstraction to PmmlLoader. Added support for selecting a PMML model by name. More flexible handling of model loading by using Springs resource abstractions. Revised analytic-pmml model definition. Updated to latest jpmml-evaluator version 1.1.1. Added documentation and additional test cases.

spring-xd-analytics-ml-pmml/README.md, after:

Spring XD Analytics ML - PMML
=============================

# Stream definition
Create the stream definition.
Note that you need to copy the iris-flower-classification-naive-bayes-1.pmml.xml file from the
spring-xd-analytics-ml-pmml/src/test/resources/pmml folder to the folder {XD_HOME}/modules/processors/analytic-pmml/.

```
stream create
--name iris-flow-classification
--definition "
    http
    --outputType=application/x-xd-tuple |
    analytic-pmml
    --name='iris-flower-classification-naive-bayes-1'
    --inputFieldMapping='sepalLength:Sepal.Length,sepalWidth:Sepal.Width,petalLength:Petal.Length,petalWidth:Petal.Width'
    --outputFieldMapping='Predicted_Species:predictedSpecies' |
    log
    "
```

# Input
Post some data to the stream:

```
http post --target http://localhost:9000 --contentType application/json --data "{ \"sepalLength\": 6.4, \"sepalWidth\": 3.2, \"petalLength\":4.5, \"petalWidth\":1.5 }"
```

# Ouptut
See the output in the log, note the generated field: "predictedSpecies":

```json
Output:
4/03/22 17:46:20 WARN logger.iris-flow-classification:
{
	"id":"7eeee430-b1e1-11e3-b13d-28cfe918b323"
	,"timestamp":1395506780659
	,"sepalLength":"6.4"
	,"sepalWidth":"3.2"
	,"petalLength":"4.5"
	,"petalWidth":"1.5"
	,"predictedSpecies":"versicolor"
}
```
